Add new resource github_team_members to allow authoritative team management (#975)
integrations/terraform-provider-github: website/docs/r/team_members.html.markdown

---
layout: "github"
page_title: "GitHub: github_team_members"
description: |-
  Provides an authoritative GitHub team members resource.
---

# github_team_members

> Provides a GitHub team members resource.
> 
> Authoritative. Sets the team members for the team and removes all unmanaged users from the team. This resource allows you to manage users from teams in your organization. When applied,
> the users will be added to the team. If the user hasn't accepted their invitation to the
> organization, they won't be part of the team until they do. When
> destroyed, the users will be removed from the team.

Reviewer: Can we reword this slightly?

```suggestion
Provides a GitHub team members resource.

This resource allows you to manage members of teams in your organization. It sets the requested team members for the team and removes all unmanaged users.

When applied, if the user hasn't accepted their invitation to the organization, they won't be part of the team until they do.

When destroyed, all users will be removed from the team.
```

> Note: You can accidentally lock yourself out of your team using this resource. Deleting a github_team_members removes access from anyone without organization-level access to the team. Proceed with caution.It should generally only be used with teams fully managed by Terraform.

## Example Usage

```hcl
# Add a user to the organization
resource "github_membership" "membership_for_some_user" {
  username = "SomeUser"
  role     = "member"
}

resource "github_membership" "membership_for_another_user" {
  username = "AnotherUser"
  role     = "member"
}

resource "github_team" "some_team" {
  name        = "SomeTeam"
  description = "Some cool team"
}

resource "github_team_members" "some_team_members" {
  team_id  = github_team.some_team.id

  members {
    username = "SomeUser"
    role     = "maintainer"
  }

>   members {s

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  members {
```
